Hurry up, mother[bleep]er,
before somebody sees us!
You know your husband drives a Guber!
Aye, don't look at me.
I'm just the side nigga.
I'm gon' suck the shit
out them titties later.
I promise you.
This is Jamal, don't
nobody leave voicemails.
Text me, bitch.
I'm at Lo Lo's, Jamal.
I told you I was doing a
special open mic just for you.
You better be out there,
mother[bleep]er! Smooches.
Are you ready for your
next spoken word artist?
Give it up for Generykah Badon't.
Side Boos, how y'all feel?
- Whoo!
- You tell 'em!
Wifed-up nigs on the
low low, y'all all right?
- Huh?
- What?
This one's for you, Jamal.
♪ I'm gettin' tired of yo shit ♪
♪ We ain't never seen in public ♪
Sit yo monkey-ass down.
♪ And every time I come around ♪
♪ They say you ain't here,
dead, or you way out of town ♪
♪ But you don't like that I'm fat ♪
♪ With titties in the back ♪
♪ I think I'm tired of callin', Jamal ♪
# Don't call 'em #
♪ Nigga, I'm 'bout to be gone ♪
Jank Eye Jarvis?
What the [bleep] you doin' here?
What, 'cause I got a janky eye
I can't have a side boo?
1x05 - The Legend of Tupaquia
sync & correction by f1nc0
~ Addic7ed.com ~
Damn look at Justine Beaver.
She light-skinded,
rockin' a LeBron jersey,
and her toenails is on fleek.
Yo, sayin' on fleek is
no longer on fleek, my dude.
White people sayin' it now.
Besides, those acrylics
is [bleep]in' up her cuticles.
- She need to switch to gels.
- Huh?
I mean, just ask
her what that mouth do.
I don't think she speaks English.
She's from Atlanta... Ahh!
Girl, you can't be
sneakin' up on a thicky
while he smashchatin'.
You could've had my heart attacked.
[bleep] your heart, Jamal!
You didn't give a damn about mines!
How you full figure that?
I was trying to break
up with you dramatically
in front of everybody
at Lo Lo's last night,
but yo ass ain't show up.
- Wait... break up?
- You heard me!
A side-bitch tired of being
pushed to the side, Jamal... oh!
- Aw, what's up, girl?
- Ew!
You know what, Jamal?
A bitch might not look like Rihanna...
Nothin' like her... well, maybe
a little in the beat-up pics?
But you ain't gon' find nobody
that can make they
stomach twerk like me.
I mean, it's a decent talent.
Aww, hell naw, Jamal!
It's over!
You better call Tyrone.
Who the hellz is Tyrone?
I don't know, but I do know
you got curved by yo side boo.
Man, these hos ain't loyal.
Jamal, how you got a side
boo with no main boo anyway?
Wouldn't that make Medina
your main boo by default?
I don't feel like doing side-bitch
word problems today, my nigs.
My heart is heavier
than Medina's big titty.
And my soul is blacker
than the little one.
We know, homey.
That's why we finna take you
somewhere to cheer you up.
- Where? Sizzlers?
- Naw, even greasier.
Now this the only shake club
in the Heights takin' fake IDs.
Yup.
Mm-hmm, whatever.
Have fun, gentlemen.
Coming to the stage,
give it up for Tupaquia!
"Tupaquia? "
What kind of name is that?
It's a stripper name,
like Sparkle or Amber Rose.
Her momma must of
been a hella Pac fan.
- Nah bro, it is Tupac!
- Pac is dead, my nig.
And even if he was alive, ain't
no way my favorite rapper would be
a shake booty bitch
at The Mooseknuckle.
I only got one word...
"Datassdoe."
Jamal, don't be mercy
tippin' the mud ducks.
- Wait for dem [bleep]ables to come through.
- Tupaquia ain't no mud duck.
She's a beautiful, black swan,
with a curvaceous tail feather.
I'm tellin' y'all, that's Tupac!
Look, she got the same bald head,
same bandana,
same 60 bullet holes
Aw, man,
that's just a coincidence.
Oh yeah?
What about the tats?
- But dat ass doe...
- That ain't Machiavelli, my dude.
Watch, I'm finna prove it to you.
Yo, homey, where you from?
Westside, mother[bleep]er.
And I'm on my period, partna.
See, the bitch a blood too.
Mmm-mm-mm.
Tupaquia's assies give me life.
You just vulnerable right now, Jamal,
and them assies got you open.
I'm tellin' y'all, she Tupac!
Look right here on Medeafakeout.
It say that Tupac was last seen
with Biggie and Michael Jackson
doing a drive-by in a Prius!
Lies! Nigs don't even drive Prii.
I brought you guys Tang!
- Oh!
- Goddamn!
What happened to your big-ass,
deluxtable titties, Mrs. Milk?
Chill homey, that's
my moms you talkin' to.
Yo, what the [bleep] happened
to your big-ass
deluxtable titties, Mom?
Oh, uh... let's just say,
somebody kept their promise.
- Oop!
- Ew!
Whoopsy!
Mmm, Titty Tang.
I wonder what she's
like on the inside...
of dem cheeks.
Look, Tupaquia is Tupac!
Insides and outsides.
I mean think about it,
he faked his own death,
dropped 20 albums from
a compound in Thailand,
and now with the
collapse of the music biz,
he tryin' to re-brand
himself as an empowered bitch,
making his bread on that pole.
- Milk, that is not Tupac...
- That is Tupac, homey...
Oh, I see what's goin' on.
Y'all want some peanut butter
to go with all that jelly-sy?
- Aye what, homey?
- You trippin', Jamal.
There are plenty more mooseknuckles
out there to choose from, my nigs.
So don't hate 'cause I
was makin' it rain change
on the baddest bitch in the game.
♪ Ooh, baby, yeah. ♪
Cindy, I thought you said
if I broke it off with Jamal,
he would miss all this good
coochie and beg me to come back.
It's been a whole day.
I'ma call 'em.
♪ Don't call 'em ♪
No, you gotta be patient, Medina.
That's how you play hard to
get. I do it all the time.
But I don't want to be hard to get,
and girl, yo man is gay.
# He likes menzes #
Damn it, y'all gonna
make me nick a nipple.
Randy is not gay.
He just looks out for his homes.
Look, he just sent me a pic.
Well, I don't need Jamal
to do no gay shit like that.
I just want him to call me sometimes.
He will, but not if you
break down and call him first.
And can you please put
a bra on... that one?
- Hey, Tupaquia!
- I remember you.
You that fat dude that
came in the other night
with them other mark ass busters.
- Yeah, but you can call me Jamal.
- Sorry, Jamal, I'm busy.
Still counting all these
damn nickels and dimes
you gave me the other night.
Do I look like a Coinstar to you, nigga?
I just came to tell you I had
a really good time, Tupaquia.
And I have to admit,
I had a couple of cream dreams
thinkin' about you last night.
- Is that right?
- Yep.
But I'd really like to see
what you like on the inside.
Damn, ain't nobody ever
wanted my insides before.
I mean the insides of
these cheeks of course,
but that's about it.
Speaking of cheeks, you
want a private dance?
What you think I brought this for?
Hobbit strippin' is some bullshit!
Come on, get your head
in the game, Bilbo!
You know what Tupaquia?
I feel like we had a real connection.
Like a love at first
twerk type of thing.
But you don't even know me, partna.
Yeah, but I can get to know you.
You a sweet mother[bleep]er,
you know that?
I been told. But, hey,
Tupaquia, are we almost done?
I think I'm gettin' concussioned.
Naw nigga, you got two more songs.
Then you're taking me
for ice cream, partna!
That's why automatic
soap dispensers are racist.
They have been programmed by
the man to systematically deprive
the black man of his antibacterial
and moisturizing rights.
- Uh, sanitation segregation?
- Exactly.
Oh, that's dirty, homes.
Hey, Malik, you know shit.
Is Tupac still alive?
You really wanna know?
Okay, look, we all know
about 'Pac's affiliation
with the Black Panthers, right?
But not only was he a threat to the CIA,
the Illuminati, and the
unconscious black man,
he was just about to revolutionize
music by bringing attention
to the inequality and corruption
in the world. Furthermore...
Goddamn, just tell me
what happened to bruh!
Okay, bring it in.
- Pac got shot.
- Man, you serious?
Yep. On the strip in Vegas.
11:15 p.m.
It was a travesty.
- Man, you just wasted our time.
- I got information on Biggie too.
Jam Master Jay, Pimp C,
Natalee Holloway,
Chandra Levy, the Lindbergh baby.
What you need?
"You are a strong, black woman.
You can do bad all by yourself."
I don't wanna do bad all by myself.
I wanna do bad with Jamal.
I'ma call him.
Medina, no!
- Siri, call Jamal.
- Don't call him.
Bitch, I said call him!
Calling.
Please don't hurt Siri.
Jamal is not in right now.
Jamaaal!
- Oh, no.
- Oh, yeah!
♪ Call him ♪
Then she told me to call Tyrone.
And I don't even know a Tyrone.
So it's over between y'all, right?
'Cause I need all eyes on me.
Yep, it ain't nothin'
to cut that bitch off.
I don't know if you can handle
this unconditional love, Jamal.
I mean, I ain't like all these
other square-ass hoes out here.
So if you wanna leave
now, I ain't mad at ya.
What, just 'cause you grind
on dudes' laps every night
and occasionally give brain in the back?
That's just yo nine to five.
I-I like you for you, Tupaquia.
Well that's good to know, homey.
'Cause I'd hate to get all
emotionally invested in you and shit,
only to find out I'm just a side boo.
Uh, never that, girl.
_
- Who was that, Jamal?
- Uh, nobody.
Hey, how 'bout we paint the town red?
Nah, partna, we stay blue'd up
from the shoe up around here, cuz!
Ooh, I love when
you talk Cripity, caa.
Damn!
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Look, 'Pac is alive.
Listen to what happens when
I play his record backwards.
This is Tupac.
And I'm not dead.
Kobe went out like a G.
He scored 60.
Aww, man, anybody with
GarageBand could've did that.
Okay, then, I ain't
want to do this, but I'm
'bout to shoot up yo head
with some truth, homey.
I ain't never showed
nobody this, but peep game.
Man, what the [bleep]?
You on some Wire type shit.
Yea, I been following
this case my whole life.
And I got evidence.
Here he is at Harry Potter World.
And here he is yelling at Katt Williams
while he getting beat up by
a little boy at a soccer game.
And here he is at
O-Beezy's Inaugural Ball.
You already know he
smashed Michelle raw-dog.
- I don't know, Milk.
- Oh, you still ain't convinced?
Okay, I got the 911 tape
from when Lamar Odom
OD'd at the Bunny Ranch.
And guess who made the call?
Yo, is this 911?
I'm down here with Lamar
Odom at the Bunny Ranch.
Can you come now?
This nigga 'bout to die tonight.
Can you feel me?
Damn, so maybe 'Pac is
alive, but that don't mean
- he shakin' his ass at the Mooseknuckle.
- All I know is,
Tupac gonna be giving Jamal
that Poetic Justice dick
in the back of a mail
truck like he Janet.
Or Ms. Jackson, if you nasty.
This the best date ever.
Yeah, you know, when I
first came out on that stage
and saw you, I thought,
"He probably like
all the other fat, nasty
tricks that come in here,
just waitin' to get a whiff
of a stripper's essence."
But you turned out to be a mother[bleep]er
- I could [bleep] on, you know?
- For realz?
Hey look, it's, uh,
it's open mic at Lo Lo's!
Whoa, partna!
...you won't be able to stay
at home, brothers and sisters.
...side bitches will not be televised.
Thank you.
Uh, hey, can you
spit a hot 16, Tupaquia?
- Is a pig's pussy pork?
- Uh, I don't know,
but why don't you go way
over there and get on the mic.
This goes out to my
new boyfriend, Jamal.
Yo, DJ.
Drop that eat, partna.
♪ Kill any bitch in Chamberlain ♪
♪ 'Cause I'm your new girlfriend ♪
♪ [bleep] wit Jamal you
want yo' life to end ♪
♪ Bitch, I'll kill you for Jamal ♪
♪ Cut your mother[bleep]in' throat off ♪
♪ My volvo make sure
yo kids don't grow ♪
♪ I'ma kill all you mother[bleep]ers ♪
♪ Take your eyes off him, hoe ♪
♪ Bitch, I swear to god ♪
♪ I love Jamal,
Jamal is my nigga ♪
Damn, my bitch got bars.
His bitch?
Oh, I'm a show him some bars.
♪ Who gotcha, make it hot
fa' hoes like sriracha ♪
♪ On barbecue meats in
deez Chamberlain streets ♪
♪ Got my nigga, iggin' all
my texts and my tweets ♪
♪ Bitch, I should drag yo head
up and down all the streets ♪
♪ Heartbeat soundin'
like Medina's big feet ♪
♪ Thundering, between yo fake cheeks ♪
♪ This shit got to stop,
or I'ma peel your top ♪
♪ By time they call the cops,
I'll be at the IHOP, bitch ♪
You is mines, Jamal!
- Who was that bitch, Jamal?
- Uh... Biggie Smalls?
- Jamal!
- Okay, okay.
That was Medina, my ex.
Well, she wasn't actin'
like no ex to me, partna!
Hey, I got an idea.
Why don't we go somewhere
that has witnesses
and surveillance cams for my safety?
Bitch, you ain't going nowhere!
- You with me now, and we in love!
- Tupaquia... bitch, you crazy.
Nigga, don't you
ever call me crazy again
or I'll blow your [bleep]in'
brains out, partna!
Okay, so check this out, my dude,
Suge Knight even said
Pac was alive on BETMZs.
You know I hate snitchin',
but lemme tell you something.
Everybody out here
sayin' Suge killed Tupac.
When they know off top, I'm
the nigga that protected Tupac.
Tupac not dead.
You know he somewhere smokin'
a cigar on an island somewhere.
But, I do know the nigga
that gave Easy E AIDS, though.
Speakin' of which, we ain't
seen Jamal in school all day.
- You think he with Tupaquia?
- Da fu...
I know you ain't squeezin' yo
lemon in the boys' bathroom.
Medina, you pee standing up?
I gotta long clitoris,
nigga, don't worry about it.
Now, what y'all know 'bout this new
bald-headed bitch
Jamal been talkin' to?
Don't tell her nathen.
Real ones don't snitch, my nig.
Yeah, we don't know
everything 'bout nothin', Medina.
So y'all his best friends, and he
ain't tell y'all about Tupakeisha?
- You mean Tupaquia.
- Aha! So y'all do know the bitch!
Way to go, Grover.
I guess next you gon' tell her
she works at the
Mooseknuckle, too, right?
- Aww, dang.
- I gots all I need.
Damn.
We better find Jamal fast.
Yeah, before Tupac give 'em
some of dat California love...
wit his dick.
Yo, you and Tupaquia
into some freaky shit.
You look like you
seen a ghost, my nig.
And why yo eye look like Ray Rice wife?
Oh, uh... it fell down the steps.
My eye...
it can be so clumsy sometimes.
- I think 'Pac hit em up.
- Yep! I mean... I hit myself up.
Come on, homey, we gotta
get you up out of here.
Medina's on her way.
And we think Tupaquia packin'.
Yeah, I know.
I've seen her gun.
Nah, we talkin' 'bout that dick.
- Hold up, she has a dick?
- Ehhh, Tupac got that dick. Let's roll.
- You don't understand. I can't...
- Everything cool, Jamal?
Lovely, Tupaquia.
They were just saying bye.
Now be gone, biyatch.
Nah homey, we ain't goin' nowherez!
- If Jamal stay, we all stay.
- Oh, is that right?
I don't think y'all know who
the [bleep] y'all [bleep]in' wit!
Jamal is mine now and
I'm ready to stand up,
throw down, and die
for his little fat ass!
And I will take out
anybody that gets in my way,
whenever I feel like it!
Just do what she says, guys.
She's crazy!
You right, maybe I am crazy.
But you know what else?
- I don't give a [bleep].
- I got some [bleep]s to give, bitch.
Medina?
You lookin' kinda sexy.
Tupaquia, let's have a strip off.
You win, Jamal stays with yo coochie.
I win, he's comin' home with mines.
Look at this, notorious P.I.G.
wants to have a booty battle.
Don't let the jelly rolls fool you.
- I know how to twerk 'em, ho.
- Let's go, partna.
Uh, how you want?
Mm, mm-hmm.
- Yeah, you like that?
- I love that.
Ooh, look at them things bounce!
Smell good.
Okay, Grimace, well,
let me see you do this.
Ooh, girl!
Medina, no!
Oh shit, she 'bout to bring
the whole Mooseknuckle down.
This one's for you, Jamaaaal...
Somebody call the ambulance!
Damn, what if she don't never wake up?
I know what'll wake her up.
- Did I win?
- Hell no.
You might have lost the battle, girl,
but you did win the Jamal.
I'm sorry for breakin'
up with you, Jamal.
I just wanted to be your main boo.
Main Boo is earned, not given.
You know what, I guess calling
and stalking you all the time,
booking open mics at Lo Lo's,
spitting a hot 16 like Biggie Smalls,
and booty battling Mooseknuckles
for you was just not enough.
'Tis true. And I guess I
shouldn't have moved on so fast.
- But you seen that ass, Medina...
- Jamal!
I'm just playin'
wit you, my big chili Frito.
You know she ain't got
nothi' on them back titties.
Aye, Tupac had you
cupcakin' like Little Debbie.
You was actin' kinda Drake-y, my nig.
You was shook.
Nah, that was all a part of
the plan to get Medina back.
Ain't nobody scared of no Tupaq...
- Get in the car, mother[bleep]er!
- Okay. Later, my nigs.
Damn. Maybe it is Tupac.
Uh, Tupaquia, why
you wearing that dress?
We on our way to Mexico
to tie the eternal knot
of mother[bleep]in' love.
If you got a problem wit that,
I hear heaven got a
ghetto for you, partna!
Nope, j-j-just makin'
sure we was matchin'.
Look, Jamal, I know I'm marrying
you against yo will at gun point,
but it's the only way, since
you don't wanna do it on yo own.
And you did say you
like me for who I am,
- so here I am, nigga.
- Tupaquia, that was a lie.
It's what dudes say to not
sound so, uh, "superofficial."
I was really just in love
with that waist to cake ratio.
So you was playin' me!
You think Tupaquia is
some kinda game, Jamal,
that you can just download
on your phone for $9.99
and just play all you want, huh?
I'm sorry, Tupaquia.
Dat booty doe.
Well, if I can't have you,
Jamal, I guess nobody will.
Westside mother...
Yeah, yeah, take that, take
that, I thought I told you.
Damn, big Suge!
[bleep] you, Diddy, you
know I can't see, nigga!
Tupaquia!
I'm sorry it had to end like this.
- I didn't mean to hurt you.
- I know, Jamal.
And I still wish I
could have shot yo ass.
But since my spine is severed
and I'm coughing up blood,
let's just call it even.
Don't you die on me, Tupaquia!
Don't worry about me.
I been here before.
I'll be fine.
Go be with your fat bitch.
Y'all good for each other.
Keep yo head up, Tupaquia.
Uh-oh, one time's comin'.
Lights!
♪ Have it your way ♪
♪ Like Burger King ♪
♪ And I'm yo supersize black fry ♪
♪ Let's have a meal ♪
Ah, ah, ah... ooh!
Oh, no, come on, man.
Aye, Guber driver, to the crib.
So, I guess we'll never
know if Tupaquia was Tupac.
Yeah. Aye, homey, you
goin' the wrong way.
Where you taking us?
Westside, mother[bleep]ers!
sync & correction by f1nc0
~ Addic7ed.com ~
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org